README.md, before:

Code-for-Leaf-Physiology
========================

The goals for this code include:
(1) Automatically extract environmental variables for each ACI curve
(2) Run the batch analysis for extracting key physiological parameters

%%%Folder: Matlab Code_For_Loren%%%
Originally branched from Jin's Github:
'Code-for-Leaf-Physiology/Matlab-code/tests for Jin/Matlab Code_For_Loren'

Script descriptions:

1) Test_Environmental_Variable_Extraction_V1.m
includes Part 1: automatically extract the environmental variables and Part 2: automatically extract physiological parameter
This script produces output:
Environmental variable is saved as ./Env_Variables_Output/
Physiological variables is saved as ./Physiology_Output/
The internal model and observed A-CI plot is also saved as ./Physiology_Output/

2) Test_Leaf_Physiology_Master_Sheet_Matching_V1_Main.m
Is for matching the 'master curve list' which has leaf age, quality control, and other
information, with the output of the A/Cc curve fitting.  Currently relies on xlsread so
needs to be adapted for Mac.

Scripts/functions based on Sun et al. 2009 paper for A-Cc curve fitting using a genetic
algorithm:
ACC_Parametrization.m
crossover.m
decode.m
encode.m
mutation.m
myfunc.m
myfunc2.m
myfunc3.m
preidbound.m
select.m

(Double check other script functions with Jin)

Notes:

We discussed some changes to make to the original code from Sun et al. 2009.  Here is an email
from Jin describing some of the changes (changes made before I forked this copy of 
Code-for-Leaf-Physiology)

"Hi Loren,

I just did a quick check on the model. I found if I change the boundary of the parameter space, it indeeds can help the model optimization, but that neccessary means it is right. You can double check it then. 
I am now leaving the code there, and let me know when you have questions.
Also, can you send me some new version of data very soon? Scott and I plan to submit my manuscript around Dec 10th then.

%% Here is what I did for the code in
test=ACC_Parameterization(t, ci, pho, expansion_rate)


lbvc=Vcmax0-50; % Low boundary of Vcmax

if lbvc<0

lbvc=0;

end

lbJ=Jmax0-60; % Low boundary of Jmax

if lbJ<0

lbJ=0;

end

bound(1,:)=[.1 lbvc 0 lbJ TPU0-10];

bound(2,:)=[30 Vcmax0+70 20 Jmax0+70 TPU0+10];

sca_var=10^(-20);

popusize=200;

After I forked a copy from github, we did not re-merge copies, but we coordinated changes in our respective scripts (at least up
until Dec 11th or so.  Jin was tinkering with the boundaries of the search 'area' for the genetic algorithm).

Commit message:

Updated input files for Matlab A-Cc curve fitting
The main changes are: 1) updating A-Ci and Light curves that had their
last row of data missing.  This was about 74 files (light or A/Ci
curves) total.  This probably won’t affect Vcmax, but probably will
affect TPU and potentially Jmax; 2) light curves added that I cleaned
around Feb 2016 (of course these shouldn’t matter for A-Cc curve
fitting).  Now I will re-run the A/Cc curve fitting.

README.md, after:

Code-for-Leaf-Physiology
========================

The goals for this code include:
(1) Automatically extract environmental variables for each ACI curve
(2) Run the batch analysis for extracting key physiological parameters

%%%Folder: Matlab Code_For_Loren%%%
Originally branched from Jin's Github:
'Code-for-Leaf-Physiology/Matlab-code/tests for Jin/Matlab Code_For_Loren'

Script descriptions:

1) Test_Environmental_Variable_Extraction_V1.m
includes Part 1: automatically extract the environmental variables and Part 2: automatically extract physiological parameter
This script produces output:
Environmental variable is saved as ./Env_Variables_Output/
Physiological variables is saved as ./Physiology_Output/
The internal model and observed A-CI plot is also saved as ./Physiology_Output/

2) Test_Leaf_Physiology_Master_Sheet_Matching_V1_Main.m
Is for matching the 'master curve list' which has leaf age, quality control, and other
information, with the output of the A/Cc curve fitting.  Currently relies on xlsread so
needs to be adapted for Mac.  I later made a mac-friendly script in R for this purpose called
'matching_physiology_master_sheet.R'

Scripts/functions based on Sun et al. 2009 paper for A-Cc curve fitting using a genetic
algorithm:
ACC_Parametrization.m
crossover.m
decode.m
encode.m
mutation.m
myfunc.m
myfunc2.m
myfunc3.m
preidbound.m
select.m

(Double check other script functions with Jin)

Notes:

We discussed some changes to make to the original code from Sun et al. 2009.  Here is an email
from Jin describing some of the changes (changes made before I forked this copy of 
Code-for-Leaf-Physiology)

"Hi Loren,

I just did a quick check on the model. I found if I change the boundary of the parameter space, it indeeds can help the model optimization, but that neccessary means it is right. You can double check it then. 
I am now leaving the code there, and let me know when you have questions.
Also, can you send me some new version of data very soon? Scott and I plan to submit my manuscript around Dec 10th then.

%% Here is what I did for the code in
test=ACC_Parameterization(t, ci, pho, expansion_rate)


lbvc=Vcmax0-50; % Low boundary of Vcmax

if lbvc<0

lbvc=0;

end

lbJ=Jmax0-60; % Low boundary of Jmax

if lbJ<0

lbJ=0;

end

bound(1,:)=[.1 lbvc 0 lbJ TPU0-10];

bound(2,:)=[30 Vcmax0+70 20 Jmax0+70 TPU0+10];

sca_var=10^(-20);

popusize=200;

After I forked a copy from github, we did not re-merge copies, but we coordinated changes in our respective scripts (at least up
until Dec 11th or so.  Jin was tinkering with the boundaries of the search 'area' for the genetic algorithm).
